Microsoft defender for cloud (#4789)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/integrations/microsoft-azure/microsoft-defender-for-cloud.md

| Name | Description | Trigger Type (Critical / Warning / MissingData) | Alert Condition | 
|:--|:--|:--|:--|
| `Alert from Embargoed Countries` | This alert is triggered when activities or access attempts are detected from countries or regions under embargo or subject to restrictions. It highlights potential geopolitical risks or unauthorized access attempts from flagged locations. | Critical | Count > 0 | 
| `Critical Alert` | This is a high-priority alert that is triggered when a serious issue or threat is detected within your Azure environment. These alerts often correspond to malicious activities, severe configuration vulnerabilities, or critical system failures requiring immediate attention. | Critical | Count > 0|
| `Critical Security Recommendation` | This alert is triggered when a high-risk vulnerability or misconfiguration is detected in your Azure resources. It provides actionable insights for strengthening your cloud security posture. | Critical | Count > 0 |

## Troubleshooting

### Verify Event Hub data flow

If your configured Event Hub instance is not successfully sending data to Sumo Logic. Follow the below steps to troubleshoot the issue:

> 1. Navigate to the **Event Hub Instance Blade** in the Azure portal and select the **Data Explorer(preview)** tab to send sample events..<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/event-hub-instance-blade.png')} style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} alt="event-hub-instance-blade" width="800"/>
> 1. In the **Data Explorer(preview)** page, click **Send event** and preview the sample events.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/data-explorer.png')} style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} alt="data-explorer" width="800"/>
> 1. Verify if those events are being sent to the [Sumo Logic by Live Tailing](/docs/search/live-tail/about-live-tail/). If both the data matches, then event hub instance will be successfully sending data to Sumo Logic. <br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/live-tailing.png')} style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} alt="live-tailing" width="800"/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Navigate to the **Event Hub Instance Blade** in the Azure portal and select the **Data Explorer (preview)** tab to send sample events.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/event-hub-instance-blade.png')} style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} alt="event-hub-instance-blade" width="800"/>
1. In the **Data Explorer (preview)** page, click **Send event** and preview the sample events.<br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/data-explorer.png')} style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} alt="data-explorer" width="800"/>
1. Verify if those events are being sent to the [Sumo Logic by Live Tailing](/docs/search/live-tail/about-live-tail/). If the data matches, then the Event Hub instance will successfully send data to Sumo Logic. <br/> <img src={useBaseUrl('img/integrations/microsoft-azure/live-tailing.png')} style={{border:'1px solid gray'}} alt="live-tailing" width="800"/>
```

### Validate alerts at Event Hub

> If you are not receiving any alerts from the Microsoft Defender to the Event Hub instance. Firstly, make sure that the generated sample alerts are received in your configured Event Hub instance. This ensures the connection between Defender and Event Hub is functioning correctly. To test the pipeline by sending sample alerts from Microsoft Defender by following the below steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are not receiving any alerts from the Microsoft Defender to the Event Hub instance, first make sure that the generated sample alerts are received in your configured Event Hub instance. This ensures the connection between Defender and Event Hub is functioning correctly. To test the pipeline by sending sample alerts from Microsoft Defender, follow the below steps:
```
